README.md, before:

# MoaV

[![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.1.1-blue.svg)](CHANGELOG.md)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green.svg)](LICENSE)
[![Website](https://img.shields.io/badge/website-moav.sh-cyan.svg)](https://moav.sh)

English | **[فارسی](README-fa.md)** | **[Website](https://moav.sh)**

Multi-protocol censorship circumvention stack optimized for hostile network environments.

## Features

- **Multiple protocols** - Reality (VLESS), Trojan, Hysteria2, WireGuard (direct & wstunnel), DNS tunnel
- **Stealth-first** - All traffic looks like normal HTTPS, WebSocket, or DNS
- **Per-user credentials** - Create, revoke, and manage users independently
- **Easy deployment** - Docker Compose based, single command setup
- **Mobile-friendly** - QR codes and links for easy client import
- **Decoy website** - Serves innocent content to unauthenticated visitors
- **[Psiphon Conduit](https://github.com/Psiphon-Inc/conduit)** - Optional bandwidth donation to help others bypass censorship
- **[Tor Snowflake](https://snowflake.torproject.org/)** - Optional bandwidth donation to help Tor users bypass censorship

## Quick Start

**One-liner install** (recommended):

```bash
curl -fsSL moav.sh/install.sh | bash
```

This will:
- Install prerequisites (Docker, git, qrencode) if missing
- Clone MoaV to `/opt/moav`
- Prompt for domain, email, and admin password
- Offer to install `moav` command globally
- Launch the interactive setup

**Manual install** (alternative):

```bash
git clone https://github.com/shayanb/MoaV.git
cd MoaV
cp .env.example .env
nano .env  # Set DOMAIN, ACME_EMAIL, ADMIN_PASSWORD
./moav.sh
```

<img src="docs/assets/moav.sh.png" alt="MoaV Interactive Menu" width="350">

**After installation, use `moav` from anywhere:**

```bash
moav                      # Interactive menu
moav help                 # Show all commands
moav start                # Start all services
moav stop                 # Stop all services
moav logs                 # View logs
moav update               # Update MoaV (git pull)
moav user add joe         # Add user
```

**Manual docker commands** (alternative):

```bash
docker compose --profile all build                 # Build all images
docker compose --profile setup run --rm bootstrap  # Initialize
docker compose --profile all up -d                 # Start all services
```

See [docs/SETUP.md](docs/SETUP.md) for complete setup instructions.

## Architecture

```


       ┌───────────────┐           ┌───────────────┐           ┌───────────────┐
       │  Your Clients │           │ Psiphon Users │           │   Tor Users   │
       │   (private)   │           │  (worldwide)  │           │  (worldwide)  │
       └───────┬───────┘           └───────┬───────┘           └───────┬───────┘
               │                           │                           │
┌──────────────╪───────────────────────────╪───────────────────────────╪───────────┐
│              |                 Restricted Internet                   |           │
└──────────────╪───────────────────────────╪───────────────────────────╪───────────┘
               │                           │                           │
╔══════════════╪═══════════════════════════╪═══════════════════════════╪═══════════╗
║              │                           │                           │           ║
║     ┌────────┼──────────┐                │                           │           ║
║     │        │          │                │                           │           ║
║     ▼        ▼          ▼                ▼                           ▼           ║
║ ┌─────────┐┌─────────┐┌─────────┐   ┌───────────────┐          ┌───────────────┐ ║
║ │ Reality ││WireGuard││  DNS    │   │               │          │               │ ║
║ │ 443/tcp ││51820/udp││ 53/udp  │   │    Conduit    │          │   Snowflake   │ ║
║ │ Trojan  ││wstunnel │├─────────┤   │   (donate)    │          │   (donate)    │ ║
║ │8443/tcp ││8080/tcp ││  dnstt  │   │   bandwidth   │          │   bandwidth   │ ║
║ │Hysteria2│└────┬────┘└────┬────┘   └───────┬───────┘          └───────┬───────┘ ║
║ │ 443/udp │     │          │                │                          │         ║
║ ├─────────┤     │          │                │                          │         ║
║ │ sing-box│     │          │                │                          │      M  ║
║ └────┬────┘     │          │                │                          │      O  ║
║      │          │          │                │                          │      A  ║
║      │          │          │                │                          │      V  ║
╚══════╪══════════╪══════════╪════════════════╪══════════════════════════╪═════════╝
       │          │          │                │                          │
       ▼          ▼          ▼                ▼                          ▼
┌──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                                Open Internet                                     │
└──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

## Protocols

| Protocol | Port | Stealth | Speed | Use Case |
|----------|------|---------|-------|----------|
| Reality (VLESS) | 443/tcp | ★★★★★ | ★★★★☆ | Primary, most reliable |
| Hysteria2 | 443/udp | ★★★★☆ | ★★★★★ | Fast, works when TCP throttled |
| Trojan | 8443/tcp | ★★★★☆ | ★★★★☆ | Backup, uses your domain |
| WireGuard (Direct) | 51820/udp | ★★★☆☆ | ★★★★★ | Full VPN, simple setup |
| WireGuard (wstunnel) | 8080/tcp | ★★★★☆ | ★★★★☆ | VPN when UDP is blocked |
| DNS Tunnel | 53/udp | ★★★☆☆ | ★☆☆☆☆ | Last resort, hard to block |
| Psiphon | - | ★★★★☆ | ★★★☆☆ | Standalone, no server needed |
| Tor (Snowflake) | - | ★★★★☆ | ★★☆☆☆ | Standalone, uses Tor network |

## User Management

```bash
# Using moav (recommended)
moav user list            # List all users (or: moav users)
moav user add joe         # Add user to all services
moav user revoke joe      # Revoke user from all services
```

**Manual scripts** (for advanced use):

```bash
# Add to specific services only
./scripts/singbox-user-add.sh joe     # Reality, Trojan, Hysteria2
./scripts/wg-user-add.sh joe          # WireGuard only

# Revoke from specific services only
./scripts/singbox-user-revoke.sh joe
./scripts/wg-user-revoke.sh joe
```

User bundles are generated in `outputs/bundles/<username>/` containing:
- Config files for each protocol
- QR codes for mobile import
- README with connection instructions

## Service Management

```bash
moav status               # Show all service status
moav start                # Start all services
moav start proxy admin    # Start specific profiles
moav stop                 # Stop all services
moav stop conduit         # Stop specific service
moav restart sing-box     # Restart specific service
moav logs                 # View all logs (follow mode)
moav logs conduit         # View specific service logs
moav build                # Build/rebuild all containers
```

**Profiles:** `proxy`, `wireguard`, `dnstt`, `admin`, `conduit`, `snowflake`, `all`

## Server Migration

Export and migrate your MoaV installation to a new server:

```bash
# Export full backup (keys, users, configs)
moav export                        # Creates moav-backup-TIMESTAMP.tar.gz

# On new server: import and update IP
moav import moav-backup-*.tar.gz   # Restore configuration
moav migrate-ip 1.2.3.4            # Update all configs to new IP
moav start                         # Start services
```

See [docs/SETUP.md](docs/SETUP.md#server-migration) for detailed migration workflow.

## Testing & Client

MoaV includes a built-in client container for testing connectivity and connecting through your server.

### Test Mode

Verify that all protocols are working for a user:

```bash
moav test user1           # Test all protocols for user1
moav test user1 --json    # Output results as JSON
```

Tests Reality, Trojan, Hysteria2, WireGuard, and dnstt. Reports pass/fail/skip for each protocol.

### Client Mode

Use MoaV as a client to connect through your server (runs SOCKS5/HTTP proxy locally):

```bash
moav client connect user1              # Auto-detect best protocol
moav client connect user1 --protocol reality   # Force specific protocol
moav client connect user1 --protocol hysteria2
```

The client exposes:
- SOCKS5 proxy on port 1080 (configurable via `CLIENT_SOCKS_PORT`)
- HTTP proxy on port 8080 (configurable via `CLIENT_HTTP_PORT`)

Available protocols: `reality`, `trojan`, `hysteria2`, `wireguard`, `dnstt`, `psiphon`, `tor`

Build the client image separately:
```bash
moav client build
```

**Service aliases:** `conduit`→psiphon-conduit, `singbox`→sing-box, `wg`→wireguard, `dns`→dnstt

## Conduit Management

If running Psiphon Conduit to donate bandwidth:

```bash
moav logs conduit             # View conduit logs
./scripts/conduit-stats.sh    # View live traffic stats by country
./scripts/conduit-info.sh     # Get Ryve deep link for mobile import
```

## Client Apps

| Platform | Recommended Apps |
|----------|------------------|
| iOS | Shadowrocket, Hiddify, WireGuard, Psiphon |
| Android | v2rayNG, Hiddify, WireGuard, Psiphon |
| macOS | NekoRay, WireGuard, Psiphon |
| Windows | v2rayN, NekoRay, WireGuard, Psiphon |

See [docs/CLIENTS.md](docs/CLIENTS.md) for complete list and setup instructions.

## Documentation

- [Setup Guide](docs/SETUP.md) - Complete installation instructions
- [DNS Configuration](docs/DNS.md) - DNS records setup
- [Client Setup](docs/CLIENTS.md) - How to connect from devices
- [Troubleshooting](docs/TROUBLESHOOTING.md) - Common issues and solutions
- [OpSec Guide](docs/OPSEC.md) - Security best practices

## Requirements

**Server:**
- Debian 12, Ubuntu 22.04/24.04
- 1 vCPU, 1GB RAM minimum
- Public IPv4
- Domain name

**Ports (open as needed):**
- 80/tcp - Certbot (TLS certificate issuance)
- 443/tcp - Reality (VLESS)
- 443/udp - Hysteria2
- 8443/tcp - Trojan
- 51820/udp - WireGuard (direct)
- 8080/tcp - wstunnel (WireGuard over WebSocket)
- 53/udp - DNS tunnel

**Recommended VPS:**
- Hetzner (Germany/Finland)
- DigitalOcean (Frankfurt/Amsterdam)
- ...


## Project Structure

```
MoaV/
├── moav.sh                 # CLI management tool (install with: ./moav.sh install)
├── docker-compose.yml      # Main compose file
├── .env.example            # Environment template
├── Dockerfile.*            # Container definitions
├── configs/                # Service configurations
│   ├── sing-box/
│   ├── wireguard/
│   └── dnstt/
├── scripts/                # Management scripts
│   ├── bootstrap.sh
│   ├── user-add.sh
│   ├── user-revoke.sh
│   └── lib/
├── outputs/                # Generated configs (gitignored)
│   └── bundles/
├── web/                    # Decoy website
├── admin/                  # Stats dashboard
└── docs/                   # Documentation
```

## Security

- All protocols require authentication
- Decoy website for unauthenticated traffic
- Per-user credentials with instant revocation
- Minimal logging (no URLs, no content)
- TLS 1.3 everywhere

See [docs/OPSEC.md](docs/OPSEC.md) for security guidelines.

## License

MIT

## Changelog
See [CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md) for release notes and version history.


## Disclaimer

This project provides **general-purpose open-source networking software** only.

It is not a service, not a platform, and not an operated network.

The authors and contributors:
- Do not operate infrastructure
- Do not provide access
- Do not distribute credentials
- Do not manage users
- Do not coordinate deployments

All usage, deployment, and operation are the sole responsibility of third parties.

This software is provided **“AS IS”**, without warranty of any kind.  
The authors and contributors accept **no liability** for any use or misuse of this software.

Users are responsible for complying with all applicable laws and regulations.

Commit message:

Add home server (Raspberry Pi) docs + easy deploy on server providers

README.md, after:

# MoaV

[![Website](https://img.shields.io/badge/website-moav.sh-cyan.svg)](https://moav.sh)  [![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.1.1-blue.svg)](CHANGELOG.md)  [![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green.svg)](LICENSE) 

English | **[فارسی](README-fa.md)** 

Multi-protocol censorship circumvention stack optimized for hostile network environments.

## Features

- **Multiple protocols** - Reality (VLESS), Trojan, Hysteria2, WireGuard (direct & wstunnel), DNS tunnel
- **Stealth-first** - All traffic looks like normal HTTPS, WebSocket, or DNS
- **Per-user credentials** - Create, revoke, and manage users independently
- **Easy deployment** - Docker Compose based, single command setup
- **Mobile-friendly** - QR codes and links for easy client import
- **Decoy website** - Serves innocent content to unauthenticated visitors
- **Home server ready** - Run on Raspberry Pi or any ARM64/x64 Linux as a personal VPN
- **[Psiphon Conduit](https://github.com/Psiphon-Inc/conduit)** - Optional bandwidth donation to help others bypass censorship
- **[Tor Snowflake](https://snowflake.torproject.org/)** - Optional bandwidth donation to help Tor users bypass censorship

## Quick Start

**One-liner install** (recommended):

```bash
curl -fsSL moav.sh/install.sh | bash
```

This will:
- Install prerequisites (Docker, git, qrencode) if missing
- Clone MoaV to `/opt/moav`
- Prompt for domain, email, and admin password
- Offer to install `moav` command globally
- Launch the interactive setup

**Manual install** (alternative):

```bash
git clone https://github.com/shayanb/MoaV.git
cd MoaV
cp .env.example .env
nano .env  # Set DOMAIN, ACME_EMAIL, ADMIN_PASSWORD
./moav.sh
```

<img src="docs/assets/moav.sh.png" alt="MoaV Interactive Menu" width="350">

**After installation, use `moav` from anywhere:**

```bash
moav                      # Interactive menu
moav help                 # Show all commands
moav start                # Start all services
moav stop                 # Stop all services
moav logs                 # View logs
moav update               # Update MoaV (git pull)
moav user add joe         # Add user
```

**Manual docker commands** (alternative):

```bash
docker compose --profile all build                 # Build all images
docker compose --profile setup run --rm bootstrap  # Initialize
docker compose --profile all up -d                 # Start all services
```

See [docs/SETUP.md](docs/SETUP.md) for complete setup instructions.

### Deploy Your Own

[![Deploy on Hetzner](https://img.shields.io/badge/Deploy%20on-Hetzner-d50c2d?style=for-the-badge&logo=hetzner&logoColor=white)](docs/DEPLOY.md#hetzner)  [![Deploy on Linode](https://img.shields.io/badge/Deploy%20on-Linode-00a95c?style=for-the-badge&logo=linode&logoColor=white)](docs/DEPLOY.md#linode)  [![Deploy on Vultr](https://img.shields.io/badge/Deploy%20on-Vultr-007bfc?style=for-the-badge&logo=vultr&logoColor=white)](docs/DEPLOY.md#vultr)  [![Deploy on DigitalOcean](https://img.shields.io/badge/Deploy%20on-DigitalOcean-0080ff?style=for-the-badge&logo=digitalocean&logoColor=white)](docs/DEPLOY.md#digitalocean)



## Architecture

```

       ┌───────────────┐           ┌───────────────┐           ┌───────────────┐
       │  Your Clients │           │ Psiphon Users │           │   Tor Users   │
       │   (private)   │           │  (worldwide)  │           │  (worldwide)  │
       └───────┬───────┘           └───────┬───────┘           └───────┬───────┘
               │                           │                           │
┌──────────────╪───────────────────────────╪───────────────────────────╪───────────┐
│              |                 Restricted Internet                   |           │
└──────────────╪───────────────────────────╪───────────────────────────╪───────────┘
               │                           │                           │
╔══════════════╪═══════════════════════════╪═══════════════════════════╪═══════════╗
║              │                           │                           │           ║
║     ┌────────┼──────────┐                │                           │           ║
║     │        │          │                │                           │           ║
║     ▼        ▼          ▼                ▼                           ▼           ║
║ ┌─────────┐┌─────────┐┌─────────┐   ┌───────────────┐          ┌───────────────┐ ║
║ │ Reality ││WireGuard││  DNS    │   │               │          │               │ ║
║ │ 443/tcp ││51820/udp││ 53/udp  │   │    Conduit    │          │   Snowflake   │ ║
║ │ Trojan  ││wstunnel │├─────────┤   │   (donate)    │          │   (donate)    │ ║
║ │8443/tcp ││8080/tcp ││  dnstt  │   │   bandwidth   │          │   bandwidth   │ ║
║ │Hysteria2│└────┬────┘└────┬────┘   └───────┬───────┘          └───────┬───────┘ ║
║ │ 443/udp │     │          │                │                          │         ║
║ ├─────────┤     │          │                │                          │         ║
║ │ sing-box│     │          │                │                          │      M  ║
║ └────┬────┘     │          │                │                          │      O  ║
║      │          │          │                │                          │      A  ║
║      │          │          │                │                          │      V  ║
╚══════╪══════════╪══════════╪════════════════╪══════════════════════════╪═════════╝
       │          │          │                │                          │
       ▼          ▼          ▼                ▼                          ▼
┌──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                                Open Internet                                     │
└──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

## Protocols

| Protocol | Port | Stealth | Speed | Use Case |
|----------|------|---------|-------|----------|
| Reality (VLESS) | 443/tcp | ★★★★★ | ★★★★☆ | Primary, most reliable |
| Hysteria2 | 443/udp | ★★★★☆ | ★★★★★ | Fast, works when TCP throttled |
| Trojan | 8443/tcp | ★★★★☆ | ★★★★☆ | Backup, uses your domain |
| WireGuard (Direct) | 51820/udp | ★★★☆☆ | ★★★★★ | Full VPN, simple setup |
| WireGuard (wstunnel) | 8080/tcp | ★★★★☆ | ★★★★☆ | VPN when UDP is blocked |
| DNS Tunnel | 53/udp | ★★★☆☆ | ★☆☆☆☆ | Last resort, hard to block |
| Psiphon | - | ★★★★☆ | ★★★☆☆ | Standalone, no server needed |
| Tor (Snowflake) | - | ★★★★☆ | ★★☆☆☆ | Standalone, uses Tor network |

## User Management

```bash
# Using moav (recommended)
moav user list            # List all users (or: moav users)
moav user add joe         # Add user to all services
moav user revoke joe      # Revoke user from all services
```

**Manual scripts** (for advanced use):

```bash
# Add to specific services only
./scripts/singbox-user-add.sh joe     # Reality, Trojan, Hysteria2
./scripts/wg-user-add.sh joe          # WireGuard only

# Revoke from specific services only
./scripts/singbox-user-revoke.sh joe
./scripts/wg-user-revoke.sh joe
```

User bundles are generated in `outputs/bundles/<username>/` containing:
- Config files for each protocol
- QR codes for mobile import
- README with connection instructions

## Service Management

```bash
moav status               # Show all service status
moav start                # Start all services
moav start proxy admin    # Start specific profiles
moav stop                 # Stop all services
moav stop conduit         # Stop specific service
moav restart sing-box     # Restart specific service
moav logs                 # View all logs (follow mode)
moav logs conduit         # View specific service logs
moav build                # Build/rebuild all containers
```

**Profiles:** `proxy`, `wireguard`, `dnstt`, `admin`, `conduit`, `snowflake`, `all`

## Server Migration

Export and migrate your MoaV installation to a new server:

```bash
# Export full backup (keys, users, configs)
moav export                        # Creates moav-backup-TIMESTAMP.tar.gz

# On new server: import and update IP
moav import moav-backup-*.tar.gz   # Restore configuration
moav migrate-ip 1.2.3.4            # Update all configs to new IP
moav start                         # Start services
```

See [docs/SETUP.md](docs/SETUP.md#server-migration) for detailed migration workflow.

## Testing & Client

MoaV includes a built-in client container for testing connectivity and connecting through your server.

### Test Mode

Verify that all protocols are working for a user:

```bash
moav test user1           # Test all protocols for user1
moav test user1 --json    # Output results as JSON
```

Tests Reality, Trojan, Hysteria2, WireGuard, and dnstt. Reports pass/fail/skip for each protocol.

### Client Mode

Use MoaV as a client to connect through your server (runs SOCKS5/HTTP proxy locally):

```bash
moav client connect user1              # Auto-detect best protocol
moav client connect user1 --protocol reality   # Force specific protocol
moav client connect user1 --protocol hysteria2
```

The client exposes:
- SOCKS5 proxy on port 1080 (configurable via `CLIENT_SOCKS_PORT`)
- HTTP proxy on port 8080 (configurable via `CLIENT_HTTP_PORT`)

Available protocols: `reality`, `trojan`, `hysteria2`, `wireguard`, `dnstt`, `psiphon`, `tor`

Build the client image separately:
```bash
moav client build
```

**Service aliases:** `conduit`→psiphon-conduit, `singbox`→sing-box, `wg`→wireguard, `dns`→dnstt

## Conduit Management

If running Psiphon Conduit to donate bandwidth:

```bash
moav logs conduit             # View conduit logs
./scripts/conduit-stats.sh    # View live traffic stats by country
./scripts/conduit-info.sh     # Get Ryve deep link for mobile import
```

## Client Apps

| Platform | Recommended Apps |
|----------|------------------|
| iOS | Shadowrocket, Hiddify, WireGuard, Psiphon |
| Android | v2rayNG, Hiddify, WireGuard, Psiphon |
| macOS | NekoRay, WireGuard, Psiphon |
| Windows | v2rayN, NekoRay, WireGuard, Psiphon |

See [docs/CLIENTS.md](docs/CLIENTS.md) for complete list and setup instructions.

## Documentation

- [Setup Guide](docs/SETUP.md) - Complete installation instructions
- [DNS Configuration](docs/DNS.md) - DNS records setup
- [Client Setup](docs/CLIENTS.md) - How to connect from devices
- [Troubleshooting](docs/TROUBLESHOOTING.md) - Common issues and solutions
- [OpSec Guide](docs/OPSEC.md) - Security best practices

## Requirements

**Server:**
- Debian 12, Ubuntu 22.04/24.04
- 1 vCPU, 1GB RAM minimum
- Public IPv4
- Domain name

**Ports (open as needed):**
- 80/tcp - Certbot (TLS certificate issuance)
- 443/tcp - Reality (VLESS)
- 443/udp - Hysteria2
- 8443/tcp - Trojan
- 51820/udp - WireGuard (direct)
- 8080/tcp - wstunnel (WireGuard over WebSocket)
- 53/udp - DNS tunnel

**Recommended VPS:**
- Hetzner (Germany/Finland)
- DigitalOcean (Frankfurt/Amsterdam)
- ...


## Project Structure

```
MoaV/
├── moav.sh                 # CLI management tool (install with: ./moav.sh install)
├── docker-compose.yml      # Main compose file
├── .env.example            # Environment template
├── Dockerfile.*            # Container definitions
├── configs/                # Service configurations
│   ├── sing-box/
│   ├── wireguard/
│   └── dnstt/
├── scripts/                # Management scripts
│   ├── bootstrap.sh
│   ├── user-add.sh
│   ├── user-revoke.sh
│   └── lib/
├── outputs/                # Generated configs (gitignored)
│   └── bundles/
├── web/                    # Decoy website
├── admin/                  # Stats dashboard
└── docs/                   # Documentation
```

## Security

- All protocols require authentication
- Decoy website for unauthenticated traffic
- Per-user credentials with instant revocation
- Minimal logging (no URLs, no content)
- TLS 1.3 everywhere

See [docs/OPSEC.md](docs/OPSEC.md) for security guidelines.

## License

MIT

## Changelog
See [CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md) for release notes and version history.


## Disclaimer

This project provides **general-purpose open-source networking software** only.

It is not a service, not a platform, and not an operated network.

The authors and contributors:
- Do not operate infrastructure
- Do not provide access
- Do not distribute credentials
- Do not manage users
- Do not coordinate deployments

All usage, deployment, and operation are the sole responsibility of third parties.

This software is provided **“AS IS”**, without warranty of any kind.  
The authors and contributors accept **no liability** for any use or misuse of this software.

Users are responsible for complying with all applicable laws and regulations.
